Each supported language needs to have a dev kit.  The dev kit should contain all of the pieces necessary for it to be a valid submission.  It should also be formatted and commented sufficiently that contestants will be able to easily put in their own solutions.

Dev kit should contain:
  * Makefile
    * default target should be 'all'
    * target 'all' should perform all needed activities for things to be run.  that is, for compiled languages it should handle the compilation.  if there's precomputation to do, this should do that too.
    * target 'clean' should remove any files generated by 'all'
    * target 'hunter1go' should execute the implementation the team wishes to use as the first member of their hunter team.  it should launch in the foreground and need not redirect any output.
    * target 'hunter2go' should execute the implementation the team wishes to use as the second member of their hunter team.  it should launch in the foreground and need not redirect any output.
    * target 'server' should build the server.
  * Readme.txt
    * general description of the problem
    * link to the detailed problem statement
    * links to the network protocols
    * desciptions of included files
    * directions on any needed building, how to run example.
  * Source for example server.
  * script for running the server.
  * Source for abstracting network communications.  Ideally, this should be sufficient code to allow individual agents to be implemented by only providing "init" and "respondToChange" functions.  By default the agent should take command line arguments of a host and port to connect to.  other arguments should be given to the init function.
  * Source for an example Random Agent.  This agent should have a trivial init function.  It should respond to each change by moving in a random direction and then sending a chat message saying that its player says that its player will move in a random direction (independant of what it moved this round or will actually move next round).
  * Source for an example Smart Agent. This agent should have an init function that looks for a single arguement - a regular expression to match in order to determine that a square contains a goal.  in response to each change, the agent should find the goal nearest it and move towards it.  if no goals are present, it should use the non-move move.